hip-hop's been dying or dead every
single year since its inception so long
as it's eight of the top eight downloads
last week I feel it's not dead it still
had a tremendous influence in American
pop culture there's still a greatest
brand building community in the world
they have all kinds of inspiration and
influence for American mainstream
they made the president by shifting a
race race dialogue they remember woman
Run DMC got MTV with no black people at
all except Michael Jackson and he did
they went ahead and changed a lot in
America and where people see each other
and you know jay-z is not dead far as I
can tell
artist left LL Cool J's on the number
one show ice-t is not if daddy's 45 you
know I'm 51 I got new businesses at a
hip out related and they're growing
I don't feel hip-hop is dead I don't
feel any good signs that would say that
I guess young people do download cricket
and then people who might buy a Whitney
Houston record or something but that's
just what they do
hip-hop is being consumed as much now as
ever and that's an important statement
and it has as much effect on American
mainstream culture now as ever and
that's another good statement so it's
hard to predict the death of a culture a
cultural phenomenon that's transformed
America in so many ways